This draft is a collection of plants/flowers in Princeton University. The flowers are sorted based on their flowering season and are divided into four parts: spring, summer, fall and winter. For each individual entry, one or more pictures are shown to help identify the name of plant (almost all the pictures are taken by the author between 2016-2017), followed by a short description (e.g. name, origin, distinguished features, funny facts et al.). Common names are used if possible while scientific names are also given for clarity. For simplicity, sometimes the name used is a genus name rather than individual species's name. The locations in campus where these flowers are discovered are also included with additional flower pictures if available.

The author is a grad student here in Princeton studying astrophysics, completely irrelevant with botany in any sense. For years he's been wandering about the names of these beautiful flowers decorating campus which is hard to get answers from his fellow students.  The author did his undergraduate in PEK where professors in biology department wrote a book on campus plants called "grass and trees in Yanyuan". This is one of the favorite book in his undergraduate. Inspired by this, the author decided to "write" a collection of plants/flowers that he saw in campus and hope it might be helpful when other people have the same question in mind when they see these gorgeous flowers.

The author is neither a botanical expert nor "amateur botanist", typos and errors are unavoidable. Please contact me if you find anything inaccurate: ruixupu@gmail. Any suggestions or corrections would be highly appreciated.

**People come and go, but plants survive and thrive.**
